Finally, the interactive loop.  In this case, I worked backwards
from the implementation of the loop toward its underlying
dependencies

```python
def __call__(self):
    while self.running():
        line = self.read_one_line()
        now = self.epoch_seconds()

        self.on_input(line, now)

        output = self.output()
        self.flush_lines(output)
```

None of the variables here actually matter very much; they
can all be inlined.

I think there is an interesting tradeoff here -- naming
the information makes it easier to demonstrate the sequence
of operations.  It also helps to emphasize that we are
retrieving the time _after_ we've stopped blocking on
user input.

(Actually, that blocking is important enough that I would
want to emphasize it -- into the checklist.)

Inlining all the variables makes it a bit more clear that
this loop is just moving information around - we have
a branch at the top, but the loop doesn't own the predicate,
and the rest is just moving data structures from one place
to another.

The interactive loop doesn't actually have any capabilities
of its own; is just delegates work to collaborators.  It doesn't
have any state or configuration data of its own; the initializer
is only worrying about wiring.

The constructor in "just a convenience method", which does a bit
of mapping from some objects to the specific capabilities that
we want in the loop.

Everything the loop needs that isn't a boundary side effect goes into
`FiniteStateMachine`.  The benefit here being that we know how
to test an isolated state machine, and how we can use tests to "drive"
that design.

This particular interface of the finite state machine leans into
Bertrand Meyer's assertion that "asking a question shouldn't change
the answer"; so the queries that pull information out of the machine
are separated from the procedures that modify the machine's internal
state.

The trivial implementation of the state machine shown here is used
to prove the sketch -- the implementation that will be driven by
tests lives in another castle, and once we have it "working"
sufficiently we can tear out the trivial implementation.

----

Note that the loop, written this way, is _not_ general purpose;
it only supports the implementation of machines that block for
input before answering.

The smoke test - which dumps information to the console before
blocking, doesn't fit with this loop implementation.


