I want to take a moment to talk about the fact that
this exercise isn't leveraging a bunch of
stubs/mocks/test doubles.

First, this problem is familiar.  I haven't worked
the `ohce` exercise before, but I do have experience
designing simple interactive command line tools.

So I already know out of the gate that I want a design
that separates _everything that could possibly break_
from the side effects, I have in my memory a small
collections of patterns that support that design,
and techniques for addressing the gaps in my understanding
(for example, I don't actually know the python I/O library
very well).

Furthermore, a number of protocol concerns are
greatly simplified by the fact that this implementation
has exactly one client, and coordinating changes between
the two is low effort.  There's no mountain of remote
code that depends on the functions that are being created
here.

This is, if you like, one way in which exercises are a poor 
reflection of the difficulties that we run into in real work.

I can make a change to the protocol quickly (in wall clock 
time) because I haven't put a lot of weight on that code.
I don't have, here, a bunch of automated checks that are
tightly coupled to the details of the protocol; therefore
I change one place and it all just works out.

Moving the parts of the code that can break to "somewhere
else", isn't _free_; we're trading increased distance for
better testability.  My experience is that most of the time
that's a favorable trade, but I'm not convinced that it is 
universal.

Also notice that while we have isolated the state machine,
the view of it that we have right now is that of black
box monolith.  That might be a facade in front of a graph
of objects that cooperate to get useful work done by sending
each other messages.

Which is to say: we might not yet have reached the
point in the design where mocks are really useful.